		    University of British Columbia
		    Department of Computer Science
			       CPSC 261
			 Winter 2020, Term 2

			     Assignment 5
				   
Note: All instructors have been asked to remind students of the
University's position on academic integrity:

The academic enterprise is founded on honesty, civility, and
integrity.  As members of this enterprise, all students are expected
to know, understand, and follow the codes of conduct regarding
academic integrity.  At the most basic level, this means submitting
only original work done by you and acknowledging all sources of
information or ideas and attributing them to others as required.  This
also means you should not cheat, copy, or mislead others about what is
your work.  Violations of academic integrity (i.e., misconduct) lead
to the breakdown of the academic enterprise, and therefore serious
consequences arise and harsh sanctions are imposed.  For example,
incidences of plagiarism or cheating may result in a mark of zero on
the assignment or exam and more serious consequences may apply if the
matter is referred to the Presidentâ€™s Advisory Committee on Student
Discipline.  Careful records are kept in order to monitor and prevent
recurrences.

By typing my/our name(s) and student number(s)s in the list below,
I/we certify that the work in the attached assignment was performed
ONLY BY ME/US except the parts that have been properly acknowledged in
the assignment and below. In addition, we indicate that we are fully
aware of the rules and consequences of plagiarism, as set forth by the
Department of Computer Science and the University of British Columbia.

When working in pairs, one of you will fill in this form with their
personal information and then commit and push it to stash. The
remaining person is to then pull the changes to their copy of the
repo, add their personal information to the form and then commit and
push the changes bacK to stash. Stash records who is responsible for
the various commits, it is therefore very important that each of you
submit this form from your own account.

Adding the cover page is the last thing you are to do as part of the
assignment submission process. If you make changes after submitting
this file then you should make a minor change to the file, such as
adding a comment in the Acknowledgement section and then resubmit the
file. If working in pairs both of you must do this.


STUDENT  1
Name :		Ritam Singal
St. No:		46530994
CWL:			rsingal1
Email:		ritamsingal@gmail.com


STUDENT  2
Name :		Harshil Rajesh Patel
St. No:		35437326
CWL:		hpatel04
Email:		harshil11100195@gmail.com


ACKNOWLEDGMENTS :
The lab was done using pair-programming through VSCode LiveShare